Add API design process notes (#541)
microsoft/ProjectReunion: docs/Coding-Guidelines.md

# General

Project Reunion prefers using industry-standard coding styles, guidelines, and patterns for any
languages used in implementation or testing.

## Languages

This list is non-exhaustive; new guidelines for languages will be added over time.

### C++

**DO** implement types using C++ and [C++/WinRT](https://github.com/microsoft/cppwinrt)

**DO** follow the [CppCoreGudelines](https://github.com/isocpp/CppCoreGuidelines) for all new code.

**DO** enable `/W4 /Wx` for all new code.

**CONSIDER** using the [Windows Implementation Library](https://github.com/Microsoft/wil) for
Windows-specific helpers rather than creating your own.

> **DO** use 4-space indentation instead of tab characters.

Reviewer: there is a lot more to say about code formatting. this is pedantic, but needs to be specified. can we do this in terms of a .clang-format file?

Author: Sure thing.  Please propose a .clang-format file as a normal pull request. Do note the "use existing style" though, so we might _avoid_ reformatting swathes of code that were lifted from an internal source so we can more easily port changes.

##### Catching C++/WinRT Exceptions and HRESULT

> Exceptions should not be used for standard flow control.

Reviewer 2: This may not be the place to have this discussion but can we recommend failfast (possibly via "noexcept" annotations) for most implementations? Having parameter validation with helpful RoOriginateError things at the boundary is fine, but in the bowels of an implementation I never want to see our own bugs manifest to the user as errors, we should just failfast.

Author: I get why you're asking for that, but I'm uncomfortable mandating or even recommending that globally for our components here yet.  Something to bring up in a future API design group meeting.

When a catch clause is required, note that `winrt::hresult_error` does not also catch
`std::bad_alloc` or any of the other C++ standard exceptions. In cases where a single catch handler

> is desired to pull out an HRESULT, use the following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
desires to pull out an HRESULT, use the following:
```
?

```c++
catch (...)
{
    auto e{ winrt::hresult_error(winrt::to_hresult(), winrt::take_ownership_from_abi) };
    auto hr{ e.code() };

>     // hr contains the WinRT exception or best-guess conversion from a C++ exception...

Reviewer 3: Possibly also

```cpp
    auto message{ winrt::to_message() };
    // message contains a textual description of the exception
```

}

> ```

Reviewer 3: If using WIL, or WIL in conjunction with C++/WinRT:

```cpp
catch (...)
{
    auto hr{ wil::ResultFromCaughtException() };
    // hr contains the WinRT exception, WIL exception, or best-guess conversion from a C++ exception
}
```

> Such cases should be rare. C++/WinRT's ABI layer automatically catches and converts exceptions

Reviewer 3: First sentence and second sentence don't appear to be obviously related?
